This one nonhuman friend we got
into the discussion of goals.
And he said, I excuse me, I said
he is not true. I don't know
whether it's a he or a she so I
developed a term. He she so he
she said. Well, perhaps our
goals are different, and I in
turn, said. Well, I wouldn't
think so. And he says. Well, he
she says. Well, what is your
goal and I thinking? To be very
Noble and very spiritual. I said
well my goals? Are he dedicated
a serving humankind that that's
what I want to do.
And he she said. That's that's a
very Noble goal but there are
other goals and with that. I
tried to find out. He says, well
there are other goals that was a
nice bait. Allure then that got
me curious and say, well, what
other goals would there be. I
thought that was a very Noble
goal. And this great
enlightenment came to me months
later years, who can tell.
That there was another goal and
that goal is the one I would
just proceeding to go home.
Another water wonderful idea
would be to go home and to be
the local boy who made good and
goes back to his hometown with
all the medals on his chest in
this pocket full of gold an all
these bags of tricks and go down
the Main Street of the town and
all every vital say, Oh, you're
use our heroes back almost 0
typical. Go home type of thing
and so I had been home twice and
had to be dragged back kicking
and screaming as it were from
going home. Because that was not
what I was supposed to do so. I
knew what home was an symbolize
to me and so I knew the goal was
to go home at a new hot home was
like. Where I came from?
And some of my great great
joy was to prepare to build
to go home. Pouces great
wonderful. I had gohan for
years. I had that goal of
going home gathering. All
this everything I could
gather that would be useful
to have fun and teach People
do all sorts of things at
home as a result.
I in turn.
Thought well for a long time,
and this is Oh, maybe 5:00 or 6
years ago, something like that.
I got into the pattern was
saying well and I asked. This
non physical. He she friend. I
said, You know, and he was
saying that was and also a nice
new go. Ethan you always was
very agreeable that was a nice
goal too. That's different from
serving humankind goal so I got
into that and then.
I ask him because I didn't know
how to do it very well so he
taught me says I'll show you how
you can go home for a visit. I
just want to get a little visit.
You know to stimulate me more
saying Oh? What a wonderful
thing. It way to go home. And so
I wanted to get a Taste of Home
again. and I knew what it was
like so he showed me how to do
this and I learned what I call a
quickswitch method from get from
here to there and it's sounds
weird. But it's as if one were
to stretch a rubber band like
that. Over to here and then you
let go of here and you're there
click, and I call it the
quickswitch method of getting
somewhere. And as there is in
using this. I suddenly was home.
And.
And the story of my.
Getting this home thing was.
Very very profound change.
Because I went and got home and
here with these that I
remembered so beautifully these
is this they were huge.
Roiling. Clouds.
And they were clouds had many,
many different use bright colors
when the shifting like rainbow
colors all through them and you
could lie in the clouds and it
was at just observe the
spectacle of of change and it
was not all round rolling their
cubes and everything else. All
sorts of types of different
types of symbol forms flowing
around and through this and you
lie there and is so beautiful
and then as you were there. An
I'm using time space terms to
express it because it's the only
way you could do it.
And as you would lie there, you
would hear this tremendous.
Music and then I interpreted his
music. But this was something
else but it was of course, a
form of vibration, but it
expressed itself to me in music,
Beautiful Beautiful music like a
massive Symphony Orchestra
beautifully conducted an over
here was a Magnificent Choir of
1000 human voices and you're
listening to all of this.
And in this return quick
visit. Laid back in the clouds
and looked at these beautiful
patterns and heard this
exquisite music. And.
I perhaps would have might have
stayed there for every except.
What I had grown?
And that was my left brain
because I was lying there an I
look this up and my attention
got caught. And what was it.
And I looked again perceived
again and it was right. Here was
a pattern of clouds and went
like this for example, and then
went on, and if you waited long
enough that same pattern clouds
came along and it went like this
and went on. It was a loop. It
was continuous loop. It was
nothing new in the loop. If you
hear the same thing came back
again and again and again and
then listen to the music and
sure enough here is a beautiful
melody lying going.
We do, do, do, do and you waited
long enough, the same instrument
in the same melody line would be
repeated. And with that I set up
and had a great sigh of.
Uh.
And because I realized that then
I knew why I had left home.
Because I was bored.
There was nothing new to learn
there, I was curious and I was
bored with watching the clouds.
Do the same thing forever and
listening to music do the same
thing for everything I didn't
want to stay there any longer.
And that's why I left home.
And so 1 final thing.
I. Realize that I was as
if I had outgrown the glove and
couldn't fit there anymore. And
be sure this because it was an
overwhelming sadness after
having devoted years of
anticipation to going home.
I went back and down in and
here's what I call curls with
your children playing games and
I had all these new games that I
had learned being human and
tried to teach them and they
says we don't want your games.
We got our own game. We do I
nicely. Here's a new as we don't
want new games and then sadly I
left. And. I realized then
that I truly had outgrown home
and I couldn't go home. Any
there's no it wasn't possible
for me to go home, so that goal
was closed off.
And. And so you can that was
suffered quite a bit of
depression from the fact that
that goal was closed off to me
and to go back and serve
humankind was nothing I couldn't
go back to do that, so that left
a big vacuum. And I could go on
and tell you much about that
vacuum, but I did find another
answer, obviously after quite a
long. Pattern.